what does that be guys coming back at
you another quick little video I
apologize for the different location and
lighting and angle we're back at my dorm
room and I actually got a desk lamp this
time to do this pick up I just couldn't
wait because this is a really big pickup
for me it's probably one of like the
biggest she releases the year probably I
feel like the easy boost or something so
I couldn't wait to go home I just had to
show this just because I know a lot of
people are waiting on it I wish I could
give more information about release
dates and stuff but please don't ask me
about it please don't ask how I got this
just know it'll come in time you know
that's all I really want to comment on
that that being said let's just dive
right into it
thanks I'm sure you guys are just as
excited as I am this is the Collin
project Chelsea boot and the focus my
phone down comes in two different colors
it's this this is the gray one and then
there's also like a khaki color like
beige one that a lot of people are
looking after I particularly I'm getting
both this is just the first one the
beige one's coming later in a month or
so now that being said you know let's
just talk about some of the details on
this shoe there's palm products branding
right here with the factory code the
color and the sizing this is a size 42
it's not my size but nevertheless I have
to pick it up just because it's a
beautiful beautiful shoe the the suede
looks kind of purple in this lighting
and I apologize because it's not purple
it's a very nice grey
there's the black elastic right here as
well as these two off-white pull tabs
which you can you know use to ease the
shoe onto your foot cramps sole it's
this nice squishy thing if you're
familiar with like Clark's Clark's have
some more Souls to this they get really
dirty really quickly which is something
that a lot of people might love or hate
we'll see and it also has this black
lining actually around you know
separating the sole with actual suede
which i think is a really interesting
contrast detail
one thing that's to note is actually how
pointed this toe is that's something
that really struck me you know I can
compare this to one other pair of
booties on how long hand
can we just one sock okay so here we
have the common project Chelsea boot and
then this is one of my Chelsea boots
this is just one that I picked up at
Nordstrom for like twenty thirty bucks
that I just happen to have here it's
also kind of like a brownish gray color
it's not as gray as the collar projects
one but I just wanted to talk about the
shape of the toe box as you guys can see
I mean regardless of the size
differences but as you can see this
one's way more rounder and the
contractors one is actually kind of more
narrow at the toe box which kind of
gives it a more elegant or refined look
I think so all of you want like that
regardless you know the construction on
this is absolutely incredible
get rid of this one but
the construction on this is absolutely
incredible the suede is was just
straight butter and the inside I mean
it's all leather lined on the inside the
alternative shoes totally twelve
incredible leather this is like the shoe
of the year honestly and when I get my
personal size I got the the khaki kind
of light beige colored ones when I get
mine and you bet I'm gonna making a much
more in depth video and we were talking
about outfits and stuff just because you
know if you purchase these shoes like
with all foreign projects it's really an
investment just because this shoe will
last through such a long time
say yeah retail on this is expected to
be six twenty I think it's been almost
confirmed that it's gonna be six twenty
no word on retailers but yeah
Colin projects spring/summer fifteen
Chelsea boot this is a darker color away
thing you guys so much for watching I
apologize for this whole little set up
and you can see my desk here at school
and stuff yeah
shut up behind us controller and shot my
finger if you're just getting in the
picture sorry for the super rough style
but I just have to show this boot off
just because it's like the shoe
of the year so yeah peace you guys it's
all my new subscribers welcome to my
channel thank you designer clothes 21
for shouting me out that was really
really nice of him so if you want go
check him out his link will be in the
description
although has a much bigger channel so
there's probably a bigger chance that
you've heard of him but yeah so yeah
welcome like comment rate subscribe all
that good stuff
see you guys